refactor(amplify-js/scripts): replace npm-exec alias with npx and remove unnecessary step 2 in the contribution guide (#9579)
aws-amplify/amplify-js: CONTRIBUTING.md

To develop locally alongside a React-Native app, make sure to,

> 1. Finish the build steps mentioned in the section: `Setting up for local development` to set up your devlopment `amplify-js` repository.

Reviewer: Typo
```suggestion
1. Finish the build steps mentioned in the section: `Setting up for local development` to set up your local `amplify-js` repository for development.
```

>    > Note: To setup a sample React-Native app -- configure your [development](https://reactnative.dev/docs/environment-setup) environment and [create](https://reactnative.dev/docs/environment-setup#creating-a-new-application) an app. Note down the path to the app which is required in the next step.

Reviewer: Suggest wrapping `development environment] and [create an app] as the links.
```suggestion
   > Note: To set up a sample React-Native app -- configure your [development environment](https://reactnative.dev/docs/environment-setup) and [create an app](https://reactnative.dev/docs/environment-setup#creating-a-new-application). Note the path to the app as it is required in the next step.
```

> 2. Run the below command in the root of the amplify-js local repository with a package name (auth for example):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Run the below command in the root of your local `amplify-js` repository with a package name (auth for example):
```

To develop locally alongside a React-Native app, make sure to,

1. Finish the build steps mentioned in the section: `Setting up for local development` to set up your local `amplify-js` repository for development.

   > Note: To set up a sample React-Native app -- configure your [development environment](https://reactnative.dev/docs/environment-setup) and [create an app](https://reactnative.dev/docs/environment-setup#creating-a-new-application). Note the path to the app as it is required in the next step.

2. Run the below command in the root of the amplify-js local repository with a package name (auth for example):

>    > Make sure to have [watchman](https://facebook.github.io/watchman/docs/install.html) installed before running the below command

Reviewer 2: Think this is excessive as if the user has setup the React Native dev environment they will have already done this

Reviewer: Per RN docs it is technically not required to have watchman installed - although it comes highly recommended. Imo it's probably ok to have this for the 0.1% of people that might run into this.

Author: I agree, if users setup the RN app without watchman for some reason, this note will help make sure it's available.

>    > Make sure to have [watchman](https://facebook.github.io/watchman/docs/install.html) installed before running the below command

Reviewer: Minor flow suggestion
```suggestion
   > Make sure to have [watchman](https://facebook.github.io/watchman/docs/install.html) installed before running the command below
```

> 1. Finish the build steps mentioned in the section: `Setting up for local development`

Reviewer 2: Should step one be to make sure the contributor has setup the RN dev env? https://reactnative.dev/docs/environment-setup

Author: Well, these steps are entirely related to the `amplify-js` repository side of things. User will have to only get the path to their RN app which is used with the script command in step 4.

Author: That's a great observation! I added a note to point contributors to the steps for configuring and creating a RN app.

2. Add the wml src folder to watchman.

```

> watchman watch node_modules/wml/src

Author: It can be but this step might not even be necessary for some users which is why Chris suggested we take it out. We decided to include it since not running it could have a very confusing user experience (`wml` start simply does nothing). This step is also under debugging section.

> watchman watch node_modules/wml/src

Reviewer 2: I'm a bit confused, are we removing it? It appears that we have just changed the step number? If it is not required then that should be explicit?

> watchman watch node_modules/wml/src

Reviewer 3: I do face this issue many times I have to manually add wml src folder to watchman. If there is no harm in running it then I think we should let the script handle and execute it.

> watchman watch node_modules/wml/src

Author: I moved this command into the script which makes it a simple two step process to get started with development.

**Debugging problems with the `setup-dev:react-native` script**

> - If the WML command does not do anything after adding the links, watch its src file using watchman. Run the below from the root of this repository:

Reviewer: Nice catch with the "its" 💯

**Debugging problems with the `setup-dev:react-native` script**

> - If the WML command does not do anything after adding the links, watch it's src file using watchman. Run the below from the root of this repository:

Author: Agreed and changed ✔️
